Documentation for Runtime Actions As Webhook (#80)
AdobeDocs/adobeio-events: webhook/runtime_webhooks.md

- Go to Developer Console and start creating an event registration
- Add [Runtime](https://www.adobe.io/apis/experienceplatform/console/docs.html#!AdobeDocs/adobeio-console/master/services-enable-runtime.md) to your project, this will create the required auth and runtime namespace for you.
- Go to `aio-cli` and create and deploy your user-action in your namespace. 
- Come back to Developer Console and you will see the deployed runtime action in your namespace under the `User Defined Actions` section. Refresh the page if you don't see the action.
- Now set up an event registration using the runtime action you just deployed. You would need to select the `Runtime Action` option in your `Configure event registration` page. Choose your runtime action from the dropdown and click `Save configured events`.
- This will create an event registration with an event handler webhook pointing to your runtime action. 

## Benefits of using Runtime Action as Webhook

  - [Built In Signature Verification](#built-in-signature-verification)
  - [Tracing Actions with Activation Ids](#tracing-actions-with-activation-ids)

### Built In Signature Verification

> With integration between I/O Events and Adobe I/O Runtime, you don't need to worry about security as your runtime actions configured as webhooks are secured with an out-of-the-box signature verification implementation. So, basically whatever runtime action you use to create an event registration, the handler webhook created due to that will place a signature validator action along with your action as in a [sequence](https://github.com/AdobeDocs/adobeio-runtime/blob/master/reference/sequences_compositions.md). I/O Events signs the event payload with the client's secret signature and passes the signature as a request header while invoking your webhook. Your business logic runtime action will only be invoked once the validator action successfully verifies that the correct signature has been passed to invoke your webhook.

Reviewer: Just realized that we should be using the external facing link for sequence compositions here -
```suggestion
With integration between I/O Events and Adobe I/O Runtime, you don't need to worry about security as your runtime actions configured as webhooks are secured with an out-of-the-box signature verification implementation. So, basically whatever runtime action you use to create an event registration, the handler webhook created due to that will place a signature validator action along with your action as in a [sequence](https://www.adobe.io/apis/experienceplatform/runtime/docs.html#!adobedocs/adobeio-runtime/master/reference/sequences_compositions.md). I/O Events signs the event payload with the client's secret signature and passes the signature as a request header while invoking your webhook. Your business logic runtime action will only be invoked once the validator action successfully verifies that the correct signature has been passed to invoke your webhook.
```
